fix: readme typos (#20)
nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter: README.md

## Adding parsers

Treesitter is using a different _parser_ for every language. It can be quite a pain to install, but fortunately `nvim-treesitter` 
provides two command to tackle this issue:
  - `TSInstall` to install a given parser.
  - `TSInstallInfo` to know which parser is installed.

> Let's say you need a parser for `lua`, `c`, and `python`, this is how you do with these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you need parsers for `lua`, `c`, and `python`, this is how you do with these commands:
```

Treesitter parser for python has been installed
```

> Cool, let's see which parser is installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cool, lets see which parsers are installed:
```
